Dynamically Name Optimistic Mutation (#6627)
dotansimha/graphql-code-generator: .changeset/warm-buttons-vanish.md

---
'@graphql-codegen/typescript-urql-graphcache': patch
---

> Fixes a bug where the mutationType name is hardcoded creating incorrectly named types. Added dynamic naming of this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a bug where the mutation root type name was hardcoded as `Mutation` creating incorrectly named types. Now, the correct mutation type as defined in the schema is used.
```
